README.md, before:

# Tech Hocus Pocus &#x1f4bb;&#128008;&#129497;


Repository for the Tech Hocus Pocus website 



If you would like to get involved with THP development, follow these instructions:

 - Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/YmDYEV3cCh)
 - Join us on at [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/clubs/tech-hocus-pocus#home)
 - Read the [Code of Conduct].
 - Read the [Contribution Guidelines].

*Requirements*
- Basic knowledge of GitHub and Git
- We are using [T3 Stack](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) (Next.js, tRPC, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, Prisma, NextAuth.js). Please visit their documentation for installing ``npx create-t3-app``
- Install [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/) 

*Getting started*
- 

*If you have GitHub and SSH set on your computer:*
- Open your terminal, locate the area you will save this project. Then, proceed to paste this command to clone the project repository into your computer's terminal: ``git clone git@github.com:arielleparis/Tech-hocus-pocus.git``
- After cloning the project, access it by pasting this command: ``cd tech-hocus-pocus``,  then, ``code .`` (this command will open the project to your favorite editor from the terminal)
- Open the project terminal and proceed to install npm by using ``npm i``
    - After getting npm updates in your project terminal, you will be ready to write code! :D 


*Project Administrators*
-
- Front-end Lead: [Tanya Gonzalez](https://github.com/tanyaleepr) 
- Back-end Lead: [Arielle Paris](https://github.com/arielleparis) 

For any questions, concerns, or wanting to participate, contact the administrators.

Commit message:

modified readme accordingly with THP information and logo

README.md, after:

# Tech Hocus Pocus &#x1f4bb;&#128008;&#129497; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39955420/147578264-bae0526c-028a-49d2-8af8-d08bb4edbd2a.gif" height="30" width="30"></h2>


Repository for the Tech Hocus Pocus website 



If you would like to get involved with THP development, follow these instructions:

 - Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/YmDYEV3cCh)
 - Join us on at [Polywork](https://www.polywork.com/clubs/tech-hocus-pocus#home)
 - Read the [Code of Conduct].
 - Read the [Contribution Guidelines].

*Requirements*
- Basic knowledge of GitHub and Git
- We are using [T3 Stack](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) (Next.js, tRPC, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, Prisma, NextAuth.js). Please visit their documentation for installing ``npx create-t3-app``
- Install [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/) 

*Getting started*
- 

*If you have GitHub and SSH set on your computer:*
- Open your terminal, locate the area you will save this project. Then, proceed to paste this command to clone the project repository into your computer's terminal: ``git clone git@github.com:arielleparis/Tech-hocus-pocus.git``
- After cloning the project, access it by pasting this command: ``cd tech-hocus-pocus``,  then, ``code .`` (this command will open the project to your favorite editor from the terminal)
- Open the project terminal and proceed to install npm by using ``npm i``
- Notify administrators of your involvement. They will approve your request after your installation. You WILL NEED the approval BEFORE any ``git push``
    - After getting completing the above, you will be ready to write code! :D 

*Useful commands:*

- ``git add .`` or ``git add -A`` - use one of these commands to save your work
- ``git commit -m "put a message here"`` - to track your saved work
- ``git push origin (put here the name of the branch you are working on and remove the parenthesis)`` -to upload your work in GitHub
- ``git branch`` - to verify which branch's are available or working on
- ``git branch -b (put name of a new branch and remove parenthesis)`` - this will create a new branch
- ``git restore (name of the file you want to restore / don't want to save `` - this will unsaved the document you don't want to push



*Project Administrators*
-
- Front-end Lead: [Tanya Gonzalez](https://github.com/tanyaleepr) 
- Back-end Lead: [Arielle Paris](https://github.com/arielleparis) 

For any questions, concerns, or wanting to participate, contact the administrators.  


![Tech Hocus Pocus Logo Gif](tech-hocus-pocus\src\src\img\logo.gif)
